---
layout: page
title: Activities
permalink: /activities/
---

<p>CARS is active in the community. Here are some of our regularly scheduled events. Registration for 10k, bike rides, and similar events is done at <a href="https://tinyurl.com/CARS-events">https://tinyurl.com/CARS-events</a>.</p>

<figure class="wp-block-table"><table><thead><tr><th> When </th><th> What </th><th> Where </th><th>Comments </th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>2nd Monday every month at 7pm</td><td>Membership meeting</td><td>Golden Corral, North Charleston</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>1st Saturday in February</td><td>Charleston Hamfest</td><td>TBD</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>M-W-F at 9am</td><td>Breakfast</td><td>Bojangles, Ashley Phosphate Rd, North Charleston</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>April</td><td>Lowcountry Century bike ride</td><td>Awendaw area</td><td>Week after the Bridge Run</td></tr><tr><td>October</td><td>IOP 10k</td><td>Isle of Palms</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>3rd Saturday every month at 1pm</td><td>Operating Day</td><td>USS Yorktown club room</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>November</td><td>LowVelo Bike Ride</td><td>Awendaw area</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>1st weekend in June</td><td>Museum Ships on the Air</td><td>Patriots Point Maritime Museum</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>4th full weekend in June</td><td>ARRL Field Day</td><td>USS Yorktown</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>3d weekend in January</td><td>Winter Field Day</td><td>TBD</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>April-June</td><td>Hurricane Expos</td><td>Various</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>2nd Saturday of even months at 9am</td><td>VE Testing</td><td>Tall Pines Baptist Church, Ladson</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>3rd Saturday at 9am</td><td>Charleston County ARES meeting</td><td>Club Room, USS Yorktown</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>updated 22 May 2025</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table></figure>

<p>Here's the suggested text for Thursday's Newcomers Net:<br></p>

<p>NEWCOMERS NET PREAMBLE</p>

<p>This weeks Low Country Newcomers Net will be starting in about 5 minutes,<br>Anyone wanting to use the repeaters please have your call completed before 8:00<br>PM so we can start the Net on time.<br>Does anyone wish to use the repeaters before we start the net? If so please call<br>now.<br>At 8:00 PM, make the following announcement and start the Net.<br>Attention All Amateurs, Attention All Amateurs, and good evening. This is the<br>Lowcountry Newcomers Net. Your Net Controller for this evening is CALL <strong><em>_ Name</em> QTH <em>__</em></strong>.<br>This is an informal net providing a place for all Hams to meet and get acquainted<br>with each other. We invite all to check in and enjoy the hobby of Ham Radio.<br>At this time we would like to thank the Charleston Amateur Radio Society, Heart<br>and TARC, for the use of their linked repeater systems.<br>All traffic should be directed to NET CONTROL. In case of an emergency, please<br>break and the repeater system will be turned over to you.<br>Are there any announcements or bulletins for the net, if so please call now?<br>At this time I will take any mobile, short time or in and out check-ins. Please give<br>me your CALL, NAME and Location slowly. A-F, G-L, M-R, S-Z. (the first letter<br>after your call sign number…)<br>At this time I will take regular check-ins, Regular check-ins mean you would like to</p>

<p>stay for the rag chew. Please give me your CALL, NAME and Location slowly. A-<br>F, G-L, M-R, S-Z. (the first letter after your call sign number…)</p>

<p>Call on your mobile and short time check-ins first. Call on your regular check-ins<br>next, pausing about every 5 people to confirm their check-ins and ask for further<br>check-ins.<br>Ask if there is any other business or comments or late check-ins for the Net?<br>I would like to thank everyone for checking into the Net tonight. These repeaters<br>will now be returned to their normal Amateur use. This is CALL <strong><em>_ Name __</em></strong> and I’ll be clear.</p>
